It turned out to be a group of spiders at work
You don't think this spider silk can trap me, do you?
Hahahaha
Zhang Shoucheng, what can you do?
This spider silk can't be destroyed even by knife cutting and fire
It is not something that ordinary people can open at all
Entangled in this spider silk
You can only wait to die
Defend the city, defend the city, go quickly
Don't worry about our brother guarding the city, what should we do?
Hahahaha
You still want a hero to save beauty
Hey, who do you think you are?
Even mere mortals deserve to fight them
I have said
Am I mortal?
What? How is that possible?
How did this spider silk suddenly become so hot?
These seven are pure and the sun seems to have a dragon
Why are you running late now?
Ah!
This is the spider temple of the century-old spider spirit
How could it be opened by a mortal like him?
How is that possible?
How can you possibly have a dragon protective god?
This cultivation base and utility
It was far above the two of my sisters
I don't care about your so-called cultivation base
Say why Daochang Sun is related to you
Don't think to open our silk threads
We can make our sisters soft
Sister, this guy is not easy to mess with
We killed him with the hardest silk thread
Hahahahahaha
Can't move, boy
Our spider silk
But even the gods of the earth can't escape
Hahahahaha
Big talk
And finally.
I was moved by the cravings of my grandparents.
Don't defend the city, why are you so stupid?
Take Jing'er away
Brother Shoucheng, hurry up and leave us alone
This man's blood essence is pure to the sun
elder sister
Why don't we refine it and increase its cultivation base?
Hahaha so happy
Then we'll wrap it completely with spider silk
Hahahaha
The little skills of carving insects are also in front of me
Goblin courting death
Chen Liliang is far beyond the immortals of the earth
Who are you?
Please don't kill me
Run!
Where are the monsters?